README.md, before:

Workarea Orderbot
================================================================================

Orderbot integration for the Workarea platform.

This integration pulls catalog information from the Orderbot REST API and pushes order and customer data back.

Overview
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The following catalog data is pulled from Orderbot:

* Products
* Pricing
* Inventory
* Fulfillments

The following is pushed to Orderbot:

* Orders
* Customer data (contained in order)

The synchronization of data relies on cron jobs defined in this plugin.

The defaults are:

* **Products**: Daily at 2:00am
* **Inventory**: Every hour on the hour
* **Pricing**: Every hour at the 30 minute mark
* **Fulfillments**: Every 20 minutes

Host apps can change these defaults by redefining them in their own initializer.

Each of these scheduled jobs are designed to only pull records from Orderbot that have changed since the last run of the job. You can pass an argument named "from_updated_on" with a datetime to the job via the the command line if you need to run an import on a longer time frame.

For example:
```ruby
 Workarea::Orderbot::ProductImporter.new.perform(from_updated_on: 1.month.ago) # gets all products updated within the last month
```

Useful information is stored in ```Workarea::Orderbot::ImportLog``` with data about which import ran, when it started and finished.

Orders placed in Workarea are queued in Sidekiq and are not sent in a batch.

Product Import Notes
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The product import task saves import data into a collection defined at ```Workarea::Orderbot::ProductImportData```. This collection is then iterated over and creates products and their associated variants. Products not imported at the end of the process will remain in the collection. Relevant error data is stored in the ```error_message``` on the class. Check this field if a record is stuck in the import process.

The product import task will attempt to save the product details from Orderbot by making a call to the custom fields endpoint. These custom field names can not have the "." or "$" characters because of the way they are stored in the Workarea product details hash. If details from Orderbot are not importing a good place to start debugging is checking for those characters in the Orderbot custom fields admin.

The Orderbot fields "Group" and "Category" will be imported as product filters which can be used for category creation in the Workarea admin.

Configuration
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This integration's configuration can be controlled via the admin configuration panel.

Notable configurations:

* **Orderbot API Email Address**: Email address used to login to your Orderbot admin. This user must have API access.
* **Orderbot API Password**: Password used to login to the Orderbot admin.
* **Order Guide ID**: The order guide ID used to get products and prices. Recommended to not leave this field blank.
* **Inventory Distribution Center ID**: The distribution center ID to pull inventory from. Leaving this field blank will pull inventory for all DCs and can lead to unexpected results.

See the "Orderbot" section under configuration for more options and details.

Getting Started
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This gem contains a Rails engine that must be mounted onto a host Rails application.

Add the gem to your application's Gemfile:

    # ...
    gem 'workarea-orderbot'
    # ...

Update your application's bundle.

    cd path/to/application
    bundle


Workarea Platform Documentation
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

See [https://developer.workarea.com](https://developer.workarea.com) for Workarea platform documentation.

License
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Workarea Orderbot is released under the [Business Software License](LICENSE)

Commit message:

Update README with customer and order notes
no changelog

README.md, after:

Workarea Orderbot
================================================================================

Orderbot integration for the Workarea platform.

This integration pulls catalog information from the Orderbot REST API and pushes order and customer data back.

Overview
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The following catalog data is pulled from Orderbot:

* Products
* Pricing
* Inventory
* Fulfillments

The following is pushed to Orderbot:

* Orders
* Customer data (contained in order)

The synchronization of data relies on cron jobs defined in this plugin.

The defaults are:

* **Products**: Daily at 2:00am
* **Inventory**: Every hour on the hour
* **Pricing**: Every hour at the 30 minute mark
* **Fulfillments**: Every 20 minutes

Host apps can change these defaults by redefining them in their own initializer.

Each of these scheduled jobs are designed to only pull records from Orderbot that have changed since the last run of the job. You can pass an argument named "from_updated_on" with a datetime to the job via the the command line if you need to run an import on a longer time frame.

For example:
```ruby
 Workarea::Orderbot::ProductImporter.new.perform(from_updated_on: 1.month.ago) # gets all products updated within the last month
```

Useful information is stored in ```Workarea::Orderbot::ImportLog``` with data about which import ran, when it started and finished.

Orders placed in Workarea are queued in Sidekiq and are not sent in a batch.

Product Import Notes
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The product import task saves import data into a collection defined at ```Workarea::Orderbot::ProductImportData```. This collection is then iterated over and creates products and their associated variants. Products not imported at the end of the process will remain in the collection. Relevant error data is stored in the ```error_message``` on the class. Check this field if a record is stuck in the import process.

The product import task will attempt to save the product details from Orderbot by making a call to the custom fields endpoint. These custom field names can not have the "." or "$" characters because of the way they are stored in the Workarea product details hash. If details from Orderbot are not importing a good place to start debugging is checking for those characters in the Orderbot custom fields admin.

The Orderbot fields "Group" and "Category" will be imported as product filters which can be used for category creation in the Workarea admin.

Order Export Notes
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Orders are put into a Sidekiq queue on order place. Orders that have been successfully sent to Orderbot will have the Orderbot order ID saved to the model as well as when a timestamp for the when it was exported.

A new Orderbot customer is created if the order's user does not have a customer ID associated to it already. The Orderbot customer ID will be attached to the user model if the order was a placed by a logged in user. Guest checkouts will be referenced by a users email in Orderbot.

Configuration
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This integration's configuration can be controlled via the admin configuration panel.

Notable configurations:

* **Orderbot API Email Address**: Email address used to login to your Orderbot admin. This user must have API access.
* **Orderbot API Password**: Password used to login to the Orderbot admin.
* **Order Guide ID**: The order guide ID used to get products and prices. Recommended to not leave this field blank.
* **Inventory Distribution Center ID**: The distribution center ID to pull inventory from. Leaving this field blank will pull inventory for all DCs and can lead to unexpected results.

See the "Orderbot" section under configuration for more options and details.

Getting Started
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This gem contains a Rails engine that must be mounted onto a host Rails application.

Add the gem to your application's Gemfile:

    # ...
    gem 'workarea-orderbot'
    # ...

Update your application's bundle.

    cd path/to/application
    bundle


Workarea Platform Documentation
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

See [https://developer.workarea.com](https://developer.workarea.com) for Workarea platform documentation.

License
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Workarea Orderbot is released under the [Business Software License](LICENSE)
